### 文段  
European wildcats are around the same size as a large domestic cat, and at up to eight kilograms. They have a tabby - like pattern, with thick black stripes on their bodies and a bushy tail and like to live in forests but near open grassland. They're also famously shy and keep their distance from humans. Laura Gardner, director of conservation at Wildwood Trust, told *The Times* newspaper that people should not be worried by the thought of wildcats returning to the wild. "We're not talking about wolves," she said.  
**What does the author indicate by mentioning Laura Gardner in Paragraph 4?**  
A. Wildcats are very shy animals.  
B. Wildcats are not as fierce as wolves.  
C. European wildcats are unique animals.  
D. Wildcats cannot pose a threat to humans.  
正确答案：D   错误答案：B  
### 文段  
A study conducted by Tom Gilovich and other researchers found the participants greatly overestimated the number of people who might have noticed an embarrassing T - shirt they were wearing. But when required to view a recording of a third person wearing an embarrassing T - shirt, they got the estimate of the number of people who noticed it nearly right. What seems to shift the memorability of the T - shirt in our eyes, then, is us.  
**Why did researchers ask participants to watch a third person in an embarrassing T - shirt?**  
A. To make a comparison.  
B. To apply the spotlight effect.  
C. To stress the essence of evaluation.  
D. To analyse external factors' effect on thinking.  
正确答案：A    错误答案：B  
### 文段  
Another, which can be dangerous, is that we are likely to focus a lot more of our attention on negative events than positive ones. It explains why a friend's unenthusiastic review of a well - known movie might lead us to watch something else. This tendency can hold us back from making a decision about something, say a big purchase like a house, out of fear that there was once a negative event associated with an otherwise good choice.  
**What is the harm of prejudice according to Paragraph 4?**  
A. Buying useless things.  
B. Messing up presentations.  
C. Missing big opportunities.  
D. Avoiding making decisions.  
正确答案：C  错误答案：D 
### 文段  
According to the researchers, the reason for this is partly green spaces' ability to reduce the harmful effects of air pollution and noise—environmental challenges that have been shown to adversely（不利地）affect children's health and development through increased stress, sleep disturbances and central nervous system damage.  
**What's the message implied in Paragraph 4?**  
A. Air pollution is largely to blame for kids' failures.  
B. Kids living in a noisy area tend to feel more stressed.  
C. Pollution harms kids' nervous system more than noise.  
D. Green space is directly linked to kids' mental development.  
正确答案：B  错误答案：D
### 文段  
Metaura Pro is driven by a powerful motor and its cooling modules are made up of 26 lightweight flat objects that are wrapped around the wearer's neck and help to reduce heat. The motor is linked to a high - speed fan at the back of the device which also drives away some of that warm air around the neck. The device also has a VC plate, which has a liquid - cooled, heat - equalizing mechanism efficiently creating a temperature differential between hot and cold temperatures.  
**What is mainly discussed about Metaura Pro in Paragraph 3?**  
A. Its internal structure.  
B. Its operating costs.  
C. Its amazing function.  
D. Its working principle.  
正确答案：D  错误答案：B 
### 文段  
The researchers attribute their technique's effectiveness to its reliance on a straightforward machine learning framework. The AI was provided with a set of statistical features based on the team's knowledge of earthquake physics, and then instructed to train itself using a five - year database of earthquake recordings. Once trained, the AI offered predictions by detecting early indicators of quakes hidden within the planet's low - frequency rumbles（隆隆声）.  
**How does the AI predict seismic events?**  
A. It identifies data from the satellites.  
B. It analyses background sounds in the Earth.  
C. It models data based on earthquake recordings.  
D. It monitors changes in the Earth's magnetic field.  
正确答案：B  错误答案：C 
### 文段  
"Our biggest challenge in this work was identifying the actual cases of shared laughter," explained Inoue, emphasizing the need for careful categorization. Erica's "sense of humour" was tested with four dialogues, integrating the new shared - laughter algorithm. These were compared to cases where Erica didn't laugh or emitted social laughs upon detecting laughter.  
**What was the challenge Inoue faced while working on this project?**  
A. Creating an algorithm that can genuinely feel amusement.  
B. Identifying the situations where laughter is truly understood.  
C. Distinguishing between different types of laughter accurately.  
D. Collecting sufficient data for training the machine learning system.  
正确答案：B  错误答案：C 
### 文段  
The constant rush to be "always on" professionally and personally can create stress. Being part of the "always on" culture often involves multitasking. However, research shows every time we multitask, it actually slows the brain down and may reduce productivity by up to 40 percent. Meanwhile, constant overstimulation—a significant contributor to urgency culture—will debilitate your dopamine（多巴胺）system. In short, the more overstimulated you are, the less joy you can feel. Over time, urgency culture can also be harmful to physical health. A false sense of urgency tricks the body into reacting as if it's in a threatening situation, activating the "fight - or - flight" response. Your breathing becomes faster, your blood pressure and heart rate go up, and you lose the ability to regulate emotions, and an overactive fight - or - flight response contributes to high blood pressure, poor quality of sleep and eating disorders.  
**How does multitasking influence people according to the author?**  
A. It contributes to their work efficiency.  
B. They may feel under constant pressure.  
C. It helps to slow down their working pace.  
D. Their sense of achievement will decrease.  
正确答案：B  错误答案：D 
### 文段  
Creativity in arts and sciences establishes a backdrop for human existence, as the content it invents gives pleasure and meaning to our lives. The human act of creation is an infinite - sum game, from which all of us benefit. And we can all participate in the creative process.  
**What's the purpose of the last paragraph?**  
A. To clarify a concept.  
B. To launch an appeal.  
C. To offer an entertainment.  
D. To advocate a lifestyle.  
正确答案：B  错误答案：D 
### 文段  
Think what place you go to for nature was like in your parents' or grandparents' time. In many cases, the natural places of today are more developed or surrounded by more development, than they were decades ago. But to you, they still feel like nature. That's what psychology professor Peter Kahn calls "environmental generational amnesia (失忆症)". What each generation comes to think of as "nature" is relative, based on what they're exposed to. In early research, Kahn studied children's concepts of the environment in Houston, one of the largest and most polluted cities in the country. He found that, when children were asked about air pollution, most could explain it and point out other cities that were polluted—but not their own. "Each generation tends to see that degraded condition as the nondegraded condition, as the common experience," Kahn wrote.  
**What can we learn from the first two paragraphs?**  
A. Deforestation goes better.  
B. Nature disappears quickly.  
C. The concept of nature changes.  
D. Environmental generational amnesia has worsened.  
正确答案：C  错误答案：D