Here I was, sitting in the roller coaster (过山车) cart of Kingda Ka in New Jersey, the tallest and second fastest roller coaster on Earth. My friends shouted in excitement, while I shakily wiped my hands on my shorts. “How can you be so excited when...”

My words caught in my throat and melted into screams as the roller coaster suddenly rocketed forward. It was the fastest ride I had ever experienced in my life: 128 miles per hour. I screamed at the top of my lungs as fear froze me up from inside. We rapidly moved up the skinny hump (驼峰) rising into the clouds at a ninety degree angle, having crossed the track bringing us forward in mere seconds.

However, close to the highest part of the hump, I calmed a little. My screams became less terrified and more energetic. Once we reached the top of the hump, I could almost touch the sky.

And then we were spiralling (盘旋) downwards, curving and twisting and shooting towards Earth at the same speed. Before I realised it, we had already met the ground. It was a thirty - second - long ride. I managed to get through the entire ride without a breakdown.

I gasped in surprise. It was over. I had not only survived the ride—I had enjoyed it. My friend turned to me, her eyes. “Are you ready for the next roller coaster?”

My head felt light as we walked away from the ride spinning with something I didn’t immediately recognize. It took me a few minutes to put a name to it — thrill. “I’m ready for anything.”

Until today, that thrilling ride that I went on 20 years ago is still kept alive in my memory.